2324: Update docs (#2415)
digitalfabrik/integreat-app: docs/contributing.md

# Contributing

> Contributing to Integreat is always appreciated! Just start

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contributing to Integreat is always appreciated! You can start
```
Let's avoid words like just, simply etc.

by [reporting a bug](#reporting-issues-and-bugs), [opening a pull request](#pull-requests),

> or [contact us](#contact-us) if you don't know where to start. Please make sure to have a look at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or [contacting us](#contact-us) if you don't know where to start. Please make sure to have a look at
```
